<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>

<!DOCTYPE html
  PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">

   <head>

      <title/>

   </head>

   <body>

      <h1>
         <a href="#an-exhibit-of-markdown" id="an-exhibit-of-markdown" shape="rect">An exhibit of Markdown</a>
      </h1>

      <p>This note demonstrates some of what [Markdown][1] is capable of
doing.</p>

      <p>
         <em>Note: Feel free to play with this page. Unlike regular
notes, this doesn’t automatically save itself.</em>
      </p>

      <h2>
         <a href="#basic-formatting" id="basic-formatting" shape="rect">Basic
formatting</a>
      </h2>

      <p>Paragraphs can be written like so. A paragraph is the basic
block of Markdown. A paragraph is what text will turn into when
there is no reason it should become anything else.</p>

      <p>Paragraphs must be separated by a blank line. Basic formatting
of <em>italics</em> and <strong>bold</strong> is supported. This
<em>can be <strong>nested</strong> like</em> so.</p>

      <h2>
         <a href="#lists" id="lists" shape="rect">Lists</a>
      </h2>

      <h3>
         <a href="#ordered-list" id="ordered-list" shape="rect">Ordered list</a>
      </h3>

      <ol>

         <li>Item 1</li>

         <li>A second item</li>

         <li>Number 3</li>

         <li>â£</li>

      </ol>

      <p>
         <em>Note: the fourth item uses the Unicode character for [Roman
numeral four][2].</em>
      </p>

      <h3>
         <a href="#unordered-list" id="unordered-list" shape="rect">Unordered
list</a>
      </h3>

      <ul>

         <li>An item</li>

         <li>Another item</li>

         <li>Yet another item</li>

         <li>And there’s more…</li>

      </ul>

      <h2>
         <a href="#paragraph-modifiers" id="paragraph-modifiers" shape="rect">Paragraph modifiers</a>
      </h2>

      <h3>
         <a href="#code-block" id="code-block" shape="rect">Code block</a>
      </h3>

      <pre xml:space="preserve">
<code>
Code blocks are very useful for developers and other people who look at code or other things that are written in plain text. As you can see, it uses a fixed-width font.
</code>
</pre>

<p>You can also make <code>inline code</code> to add code into
other things.</p>
<h3><a href="#quote" id="quote" shape="rect">Quote</a></h3>
<blockquote>
<p>Here is a quote. What this is should be self explanatory. Quotes
are automatically indented when they are used.</p>
</blockquote>
<h2><a href="#headings" id="headings" shape="rect">Headings</a></h2>
<p>There are six levels of headings. They correspond with the six
levels of HTML headings. You’ve probably noticed them already
in the page. Each level down uses one more hash character.</p>
<h3><a href="#headings-can-also-contain-formatting" id="headings-can-also-contain-formatting" shape="rect">Headings <em>can</em>
also contain <strong>formatting</strong></a></h3>
<h3><a href="#they-can-even-contain-inline-code" id="they-can-even-contain-inline-code" shape="rect">They can even contain
<code>inline code</code></a></h3>
<p>Of course, demonstrating what headings look like messes up the
structure of the page.</p>
<p>I don’t recommend using more than three or four levels of
headings here, because, when you’re smallest heading
isn’t too small, and you’re largest heading isn’t
too big, and you want each size up to look noticeably larger and
more important, there there are only so many sizes that you can
use.</p>
</body>

</html>